in his ninth trip to the region since
Israel's war on Gaza began US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin made a last
ditch effort to secure a
ceasefire on Tuesday he landed in Egypt
where he sat down with President Abdul
fat hii the Egyptian leader warning of
the growing danger of a wider regional
conflict Mr how are you welcome to and
finally to the Qatari Capital to consult
with officials there before leaving Doha
blinkin once again stressed the
importance of getting a deal over the
line time is of the essence because with
every passing
day the well-being and lives of the
hostages are in
Jeopardy time is of the essence because
every single
day women children men uh in Gaza are
suffering during his trip to Israel
blinkin said prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu agreed to the so-called
bridging proposal presented by mediators
last week a proposal Hamas says has
added Israeli conditions he's basically
speaking as an advocate for uh for
Israel uh he's trying to put the onus on
uh Hamas uh he's trying to suggest that
this is a good deal and he's downplaying
all these new conditions which are
catastrophic for the for the
Palestinians the Israeli Premiere has
also since told family members of
captives helding G Aza that he is still
not sure about the possibility of a deal
Hamas says the latest proposal is a
reversal from the original framework
outlined by US President Joe Biden back
in May and as blinkin wraps up his
latest round of shuttle diplomacy in the
Middle East more talks are expected in
Cairo later in the week but a ceasefire
deal is still nowhere in sight ham salut
Al jaaz
am make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer